report from New Hampshire
to Matt Yocum and Tony Stewart's
climbing out slight damage to the left
front Tony a bunch of slide jobs going
back and forth out there a big fight to
the finish after a race oh good day the
damage to the left front that hurt when
it wasn't well that damage was when he
and Dale Earnhardt jr. got together
coming down pit road obviously you can
tell the disappointment Marty a smile on
Matt Kenseth's face the fun race between
you and your teammate Greg Biffle yeah
was I was pushing real bad and you know
Greg was turning a lot better than I
could but you could get more momentum
off the top so you know these good Doug
eight engines they kind of pull you down
a straightaway real good on the top so
just kind of made the wrong adjustment
then but really I couldn't run to them
two cars anyway so they have all the
problems ahead of they finish their
death off all right let's go talk to
your teammate Greg biffle's right over
here and a good day for him as well
Biffle what a great run for you and Matt
today there's a lot of fun there at the
end I hate him you threw a pizza towel
paper towel at him that fun yeah you
know I mean he's racing me like we're
not teammates I mean that's the way we
have to do it nice ten I'd get a run on
the inside of him and he'd cut down on
me and you know as close to me trying to
get turned around over there getting
into three trying to stay off of him but
hey that's racing for position I don't
expect anything less from anybody out of
race in the same exact way and if I was
in front of him I just thought I might
have something to for these guys up
front to mess with him but great day for
us today though this championship run
right there Alan's in victory lane with
Ryan Newman and Ryan about to climb from
the car he got a water shower inside the
car from his dad
and I think he's gonna get bored a
shower here
wasn't much guessing to that was there
Ryan congratulations does it seem like
it's better here almost you know it's a
long time coming these guys have been
working so hard I got to thank everybody
from also mobile one Sony does Gillette
you know all the people that helped us
out Gatorade just a long time coming no
doubt but you know we raced it today we
raised it to win
Tony Tony race to clean it felt like a
race them clean and just a good day for
us let me walk you through a couple
things when you pitted under green from
the lead with 65 to go did you think it
was over I thought it could have been
very easily you know it just all took
one little piece of debris you know and
obviously the cone deal of it wasn't
your advantage wasn't our disadvantage
it was just lighting up in the cycle
that everything works out for us Tony I
was playing a fast car all day I know
his car wasn't balanced at the end
because mine wasn't either but I was
fast stuff to get it done when Tony got
by you what made you think you had
enough to reclaim the lead in clean air
he just kind of slowed up I mean he
worked me pretty hard
killed me getting in but I was good
middle off and he just drove up next to
me getting in and I knew he had track
position and you know he had position as
first moving me up if he wanted to and
he kind of did a little bit he'd got by
me and just fortunately we were able to
get back by him I think this car was
real tightest and a strong way to open a
championship beer the thought on the
chase yeah it's a very strong way we're
almost almost capable we almost did this
last year but so we had a host plant
fail and got think everybody for the
engine company they've done an awesome
job all year feels awesome getting
Victory Lane hopefully uh hopefully
we're getting close to our people there
you go congratulations Frank thank you
Ryan Newman winner today at New
Hampshire met av two teams that are
having a lot of fun in this chase the
6th of March and the two of Wallace what
a drag race it was a drag race I'd say
what mark kept getting me up on off the
corner I started working on a high lane
but you know you got to go for it man
five points is everything in the world
so if this is a regular rate light if
this was a regular race I'd probably let
them go but I just can't let him go
right there because we're going for
these points
you really have to race differently in
the chase I drove rode rest of the day
my car didn't handle like I wanted to I
was too tight in the senator corner
I got a pit road penalty when I slid 5
inches past the line I didn't know that
was a rule you got to go a lap down
about telling the longest line just
launder some but I learned something
there how important that is but we came
from the back many times in the
following right there at the end I said
man just stay out don't put tires and
think we this track position is
ridiculous here this is definitely one
of the hardest places to pass on we ever
go to to top tens this year here at New
Hampshire Marty
Dale Earnhardt jr. went through about
about everything today right front
fender damage from Elliott Sadler than
the right rear from Tony Stewart I think
most importantly as you had fun in the
race car today didn't you yeah I mean
I've had fun up until this point I mean
today was just a good finish
I tell you it's a pleasure working with
the team I'm working with we had a you
know a fun time all year we haven't had
good performance but it was a good day
for us we dodged some bullets and I know
who's talking there's a lot of guys that
are upset today and we're not one of
them so anytime you can even get out of
here with a good finish and then be
happy about it you know good a good top
five for Dale Earnhardt jr. finishes
fifth safe a near top five for Mark
Martin talk about a little old-time race
and there with Rusty Wallace at the end
yeah
I'd respect their I could have got that
spot if I'd have been running with a
rookie there but those four points
probably won't make a difference there
wasn't any use in taking a big risk he
was racing for his life and I was racing
for mine so I want to thank Jimmy Fenig
and his team I had everything that I
could ask for today
I finished seventh with with it and I
feel like a failure today
somehow or another I didn't do a good
job or didn't get the job done because I
my team the vigor team and in all they
have been good side you were thank you
for that race winning car from last week
at Richmond yes I was thanking my guys
for being the best I love them the part
Martin finished seven today bill thanks
Dave when he sees this race back on tape
and Mark watches them all all know how
good that 20 car was take a look at the
point and you know Stewart you see how
upset Tony was there's nothing worse for
racecar driver to have a car like you
had all day and get beat a lap or two go
yeah those that graphic not correct I'll
tell you what we'll work on that we'll
come back to New Hampshire give you the
updated points as a chase for the nextel
cop is down to nine races
you